#TOLULOPE OKEOWO

#PROJECT DESCRIPTION: THIS PROJECT DESIGNS A SYSTEM THAT ACCEPTS PLAIN TEXT DOCUMENTS, DETECTS AND REDACTS SENSITIVE ITEMS. THE ITEMS TO REDACT WOULD BE ALL NAMES, ALL DATES, ALL ADDRESSES, ALL GENDERS, ALL PHNONE NUMBERS.

#TO RUN THE PROGRAM, JUST NAVIGATE TO THE PROJECT1 FOLDER WHICH IS IN THE CS5293SP23 DIRECTORY AND RUN PIPENV RUN PYTHON REACTOR.PY --INPUT SAMPLEFILE.TXT --NAMES --GENDERS --ADDRESS --DATES --PHONES --OUTPUT FILES --STATS STDERR. THE FILES I USED TO TEST ARE IN MY PROJECT DIRECTORY AND THE REDACTED FILES ARE ALSO SAVED IN THE FILES FOLDER. I CHANGED THE NAMES OF THE FILES I GOT FROM RANGER TO SAMPLEFILE, SAMPLEFILE2, SAMPLEFILE3, SAMPLEFILE4, SAMPLEFILE5, SAMPLEFILE6. THOSE FILES ARE IN MY PROJECT DIRECTORY. 

#ASSUMPTIONS MADE: FOR MY ADDRESSES, I ASSUMED ALL ADDRESS WOULD BE IN FORM (NUMBER(WHICH COULD BE 1 OR MORE NUMBERS) FOLLOWED BY A WORD AND AN OPTIONAL SPACE AND THEN ANOTHER WORD). FOR MY GENDERS, I MADE A LIST OF ALL THE POSSIBLE GENDERS THAT EXIST AND USE THOSE TERMS TO SEARCH THE DOCUMENTS AND REDACT IT IF THE TERMS EXISTS. THE BUGS THAT EXIST IS MY GENDERS FOR SOME REASON IS PRINTING OUT THE HE A LOT FOR NO REASON AND ALSO FOR MY NAMES, I COULDN'T GET THE SPACE BETWEEN THE NAME TO REDACT AND I ALSO HAVE SOME WORDS THAT SPACY IS RECOGNIZING AS NAMES THAT ARE NOT NECESSARILTY NAMES. ALSO, I HAVE IT SET UP WHERE THE NAMES MENTIONED IN EMAILS IS ALSO REDACTED BECAUSE I THOUGHT IT WAS NECESSARY. SOME SPACES ARE ALSO GETTING REDACTED FOR SOME WEIRD REASON. MY TEST CASE IS ALSO NOT RUNNING. I HAVE IT SETUP WHERE WE FIRST TEST JUST THE NAME AND THE SECOND TEST WAS TO TEST FOR EVERYTHING. BOTH CASES ARE SUPPOSED TO CREATE AN OUTPUT FILE WHICH WOULD CONTAIN THE REDACTED CONTENTS. I ALSO MADE AN ASSUMPTION

#THE PROGRAM WORKS BY TAKING IN THE REDACTION FLAGS WITH THE INPUT FILE. I DON'T HAVE ANY FUNCTIONS FOR SPECIFIC THINGS. EVERYTHING IS WRITTEN IN THE SAME FILE. WHEN THE INPUT IS GIVEN, IF IT IS A GLOB OF FILES, THE FILES ARE FIRST PUT IN A LIST OF ALL THE FILES, THEN THE FILES ARE READ INTO A VARIABLE CALLED TEXT. IF STATEMENTS WERE USED FOR ALL THE REDACTION FLAGS. IF ANYOF THE REDACTION FLAGS WERE PRESENT, THE IF STATEMENT ASSOCIATED WITH THE REDACTION FLAG IS ACTIVATED AND THE CODE UNDERNEATH THE IF STATEMENT IS PERFORMED. IF THE NAMES FLAG IS PRESENT, TEXT IS PUT IN AN NLP OBJECT AND ASSIGNED TO DOC. A MATCHER PATTERN IS ALSO MADE USING THE ENTITY TYPE PERSON.THIS IS USED TO FIND THE NAMES OF A PERSON. I ALSO HAVE A VARIABLE THAT KEEPS TRACK OF ALL THE NAMES THAT GOT REDACTED AND PRINTS IT IN THE STATS FILE. FOR THE GENDERS, A FOR LOOP GOES THROUGH THE GENDERS DEFINED AND COMPARES AND REDACTS THE GENDERS FOUND. I ALSO HAVE A VARIABLE THAT STORES ALL THE GENDERS FOUND AND THOSE GENDERS ARE PRINTED IN THE STDERR FILE. FOR NUMBERS, ADDRESSES AND DATES, I MADE A LIST THAT CONTAINED ALL VARIOUS PATTERNS FOR EACH OF THOSE REDACTION FLAGS. USED A FOR LOOP ON EACH OF THOSE PATTERNS AND CALLED A RE.SUB FROM REGEX TO SUBSTITUTE THE PATTERNS FOUND WITH █. FOR THE FILES TO BE SAVED WITH .REDACTED, I USED THE OS FUNCTION TO FIND THE BASENAME OF THE FILE THEN I ADDED THE .REDACTED TO THE FILE NAME. AFTER THAT, I WROTE THE REDACTED TEXT INTO THE FILE WITH THE WITH FUNCTION.

#
